README.md, before:

# <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/7833470/10899314/63829980-8188-11e5-8cdd-4ded5bcb6e36.png" height="60"> Javascript Objects - Problem Set

* Please **Fork & Clone** this repo.
* For each problem, modify the relevant file in the `challenges`folder. We encourage you to *commit often* and push your changes to github.
* In your forked copy of this readme, add a short (3-5 sentence) reflection about your work to the top in a section titled "Training Reflection".
* You should include a link your forked repository on your personal website when you complete work.

## Challenges
1. [Letter Count](/challenges/letter-count.js)
2. [Query String Parser](/challenges/query-string-parser.js)
3. [Birthday Countdown](/challenges/birthday-countdown.js)
4. [Ping Pong](/challenges/ping-pong.js)

#### Key Concepts
* Working with **key-value pairs**
* Drilling into complex objects using **dot notation** and **bracket notation**
* Dynamically setting keys in **objects** (i.e. keys are not hard-coded).
* Using Array **iteration** methods.

## Executing your code
There are a number of options for running/executing your code. They all have their uses, so we encourage you to learn all of them:

- From the browser:
    - **Using the [Chrome Developer Console](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/debug/console/console-ui?hl=en#opening-the-console)**
        * Tip: Use `↑` and `↓` to cycle through your code history. Pressing `→` selects the current suggestion. If there’s a single suggestion, `Tab` to select it.
    + **Using [Javascript Snippets](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/debug/snippets/)** to execute and save your scripts.
- From the command line:
    + **Using the [Node REPL / Shell](http://www.nodelabs.org/repl.html)**
        * Tip: Type `.exit` to quit. Use `↑` and `↓` to cycle through your code history.
    + **Using the [`node some-file.js` command](http://javascript.cs.lmu.edu/notes/commandlinejs/)**
        * Tip: Use `ctrl` + `c` (shortcut) to quit "hanging" programs. And make sure to `console.log("your output")`.

Commit message:

final attempt, need to work on other assignments, will come back to finish remaining challenges

README.md, after:

## Training Reflection
These challenges were tough and I had to look up the solutions. Unfortunately I didn't get through them all and will have to make another pass. However, reverse engineering the solutions and looking up all the different methods and documentation is really helpful. I'm realizing the immense value of reading through all the documentation and doing the exercises as it really helps solidify the material. I'm sure if I keep reading the docs - I'll be able to take on these challenges no problem! 

# <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/7833470/10899314/63829980-8188-11e5-8cdd-4ded5bcb6e36.png" height="60"> Javascript Objects - Problem Set

* Please **Fork & Clone** this repo.
* For each problem, modify the relevant file in the `challenges`folder. We encourage you to *commit often* and push your changes to github.
* In your forked copy of this readme, add a short (3-5 sentence) reflection about your work to the top in a section titled "Training Reflection".
* You should include a link your forked repository on your personal website when you complete work.

## Challenges
1. [Letter Count](/challenges/letter-count.js)
2. [Query String Parser](/challenges/query-string-parser.js)
3. [Birthday Countdown](/challenges/birthday-countdown.js)
4. [Ping Pong](/challenges/ping-pong.js)

#### Key Concepts
* Working with **key-value pairs**
* Drilling into complex objects using **dot notation** and **bracket notation**
* Dynamically setting keys in **objects** (i.e. keys are not hard-coded).
* Using Array **iteration** methods.

## Executing your code
There are a number of options for running/executing your code. They all have their uses, so we encourage you to learn all of them:

- From the browser:
    - **Using the [Chrome Developer Console](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/debug/console/console-ui?hl=en#opening-the-console)**
        * Tip: Use `↑` and `↓` to cycle through your code history. Pressing `→` selects the current suggestion. If there’s a single suggestion, `Tab` to select it.
    + **Using [Javascript Snippets](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/debug/snippets/)** to execute and save your scripts.
- From the command line:
    + **Using the [Node REPL / Shell](http://www.nodelabs.org/repl.html)**
        * Tip: Type `.exit` to quit. Use `↑` and `↓` to cycle through your code history.
    + **Using the [`node some-file.js` command](http://javascript.cs.lmu.edu/notes/commandlinejs/)**
        * Tip: Use `ctrl` + `c` (shortcut) to quit "hanging" programs. And make sure to `console.log("your output")`.
